Revise how the Blosc codec is specified (#225)
zarr-developers/zarr-specs: docs/v3/codecs/blosc/v1.0.rst

    level is 0.

shuffle:
    Specifies the type of shuffling to perform, if any, prior to compression.
    Must be one of:

    - ``null``, to indicate no shuffling;
    - ``"byte"``, to indicate byte-wise shuffling;

>     - ``"bit"``, to indicate bit-wise shuffling.

Reviewer: I'm in favor of those changes :+1:

Author: Looking at the blosc API more now, I think these should probably be changed to be consistent with what the blosc API uses:

"noshuffle", "shuffle", "bitshuffle"

typesize:
    Positive integer specifying the stride in bytes over which shuffling is
    performed.  Required unless ``shuffle`` is ``null``, in which case the value

>     is ignored.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this change is useful atm. I have a two of questions:
- Couldn't we make this optional, and have a auto-detect logic as before? It would only be necessary for dtypes with arbitrary length data.
- Why should it be called `typesize`? It could also be any valid divisor of the typesize, especially for arbitrary-length types, right?

I'd rather leave this out for now, and add it later once we have dtypes with arbitrary sizes. Then this can be an additional optional field. Although this would be nice:
> This allows Blosc to function as a pure "bytes -> bytes" codec rather than an "array -> bytes" codec.

Not quite sure if we should include this. cc @joshmoore @normanrz @rabernat @jakirkham What do you think about it?

Reviewer: > If this is preferred I can try to write up the necessary changes to core specification.

I'd be in favor of this (Option 1), but would like to have some more opinions first. In my opinion this is blocking ZEP 1 / v3.

Reviewer 2: No strong opinion here. Option 1 is fine with me. So is keeping `typesize` in. It only seems like a small redundancy. Might facilitate fallback dtype handling.

<https://github.com/Blosc/c-blosc>`_.

Comparison to Zarr v2
=====================

While the binary format is identical, the JSON metadata differs from that used
by the Zarr v2 ``blosc`` codec in the following ways:

> - The `shuffle` mode is now specified more clearly as `null` (0 in Zarr v2),
>   `"bit"` (2 in Zarr v2), or `"byte"` (1 in Zarr v2).  Using these constants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `shuffle` mode is now specified more clearly as `noshuffle` (0 in Zarr v2),
  `"bitshuffle"` (2 in Zarr v2), or `"shuffle"` (1 in Zarr v2).  Using these constants
```

  rather than numbers makes it much easier to know what shuffle mode will be
  using from manual inspection of the metadata.

- When shuffling is enabled, the `typesize` must now be specified explicitly in
  the metadata, rather than determined implicitly from the input data.  This
  allows Blosc to function as a pure "bytes -> bytes" codec rather than an
  "array -> bytes" codec.  Zarr implementations MAY allow users to leave this
  unspecified and have the implementation choose a value automatically based on
  the array data type and previous codecs in the chain, but MUST record in the
  metadata the value that is chosen.

- There is no option to choose between bit-wise and byte-wise shuffling
  automatically, as supported in Zarr v2 via a `shuffle` value of `-1`.  Zarr
  implementations MAY provide users an option to choose a shuffle mode
  automatically based on the typesize or other information, but MUST record in

>   the metadata the mode that is chosen.

Author: Done.
